Hi everyone.
My name is Tim Warner, and welcome to my course,
Microsoft Operating System Fundamentals.
I'm a Microsoft MVP, Microsoft Azure Cloud Solutions architect,
and a Pluralsight staff author.
Windows 10 is the latest edition of the Windows client operating system family.
It both resembles earlier Windows versions,
as well as takes monumental steps forward in terms of usability,
performance, and security.
In this course, we'll understand all aspects of the Windows 10 operating system,
including installation, configuration, management,
and troubleshooting.
Because I've worked professionally with Microsoft Windows since version 1,
I can provide you with valuable historical perspective as well.
This course is designed to serve two purposes.
You can use its content to prepare for the Microsoft Technology
Associate certification and operating fundamentals.
You can also use it to ramp up your Windows 10 support skills dramatically.
Some of the major topics we'll cover include installing Windows 10,
managing applications, folders, and files,
configuring data backup, including file history and Microsoft 1 drive,
administering user accounts,
including Microsoft and Azure Active Directory accounts,
and troubleshooting Windows 10 from both hardware and software perspectives.
By the end of this course, you'll be able to install,
upgrade, configure, and troubleshoot any Windows 10 edition.
You'll also have the skills you need to support Windows 10 end
users and most business or consumer contexts.
Before beginning this course,
you should be familiar with basic Windows operating
system concepts and administration tasks.
From here,
you should feel comfortable diving further into Windows 10
administration with courses on Windows 10 deployment,
Windows 10 troubleshooting, Windows Server 2016 domain networking,
and mobile device management with Microsoft system
center and/or Microsoft Azure.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to learn Windows 10
administration with the Microsoft Operating Systems Fundamentals course at Pluralsight.